hello I would start with rat art studios
this video is to teach you the basics
before you can get to this level you
need to know the process the first thing
that you need to know is what airbrush
is right for you the first one we're
going to cover today is the awatere
revolution so don't get caught up in the
hype purchasing the most expensive
airbrush is not going to make your
artwork any better we use deal water
revolution it's reliable it's
inexpensive and it's our workhorse so
before you run out and break the bank
you need to know the facts about the
awateh revolution this is the water
revolution VCR it is a siphon fed which
means you are required a bottle you have
a double action which means you push
down for air and you pull back for paint
the correct positioning that you need to
have when you're airbrushing is you hold
with your thumb and your middle finger
on the stem that actually is connected
to your air hose you then softly let it
relax on the back of your thumb which
requires now your tip your index finger
to have on the trigger so you can push n
pull the paint's we are going to use
today our house of color this is an
automotive paint you are required to
wear a respirator and be in a
well-ventilated area you must read and
follow all of the instructions on the
back first I'm going to go ahead and put
some color in the eye it is house of
kolor oriental blue
I put the blue in and now i'm just
finishing up the black now i'm going to
start with the detail of the eye
I'm going to go up to the lid
shade around the inside of the lid
finish off the corner I went ahead and
darken some of the areas using a dagger
stroke you can use the dagger stroke at
a distance for shading or you can use
the dagger stroke to do the fine lines
around the eye at this point I'm going
to airbrush detail I do not want lines I
want shadows
you
now I'm going to add detail to the color
of the eye using black softly
I added in some of the black lines
around the eye and I also added in some
dagger strokes that radiate outwards
towards from the pupil now I'm going to
go ahead and put white soften these
edges around the the color part of the
eye add a little white in here the gleam
of the eye and also add in some white
detail to the lid
I hope this demonstrates the quality of
the water revolution for you for more
information go to our website and click
on the getting started button thank you